_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Filled out 'about' page. CV page has some work, but may soon abandon it in favor of a link to a pdf CV

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Astrophysicist at <a href='https://physics.wustl.edu/people/john-mehlhaff'>Washington University in St. Louis</a>. 

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am a postdoctoral researcher working on several aspects of black hole astrophysics. While black holes don't do much when in isolation, they're often not isolated. Rather, they're immersed in a dynamic, hot, and shining plasma with which they interact. This interaction means that the quest to understand how black holes produce light and influence our Universe requires studying plasmas under extreme conditions -- where strong gravity, gamma-ray radiation, and pair production all matter. 

Progress in this area often requires the use of simulations to take into account all of the relevant physics. Thanks to rapidly improving modern supercomputers, these simulations are becoming more and more powerful. And they need to be in order to address the big mysteries pouring in from an equally rapidly growing network of observatories around the globe and in space. With increasingly sensitive instruments on the one hand, and with ever-more realistic simulations to help us understand observations on the other, now is a very exciting time to be a black hole astrophysicist.

You can learn more about my work by taking a look at my [publications](/publications/), [CV](/assets/pdf/cv.pdf), and [research themes](/al-folio/projects/).
